---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-23T02:05:37.615Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-23T02:05:36.862Z'
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
title: ''
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-23-bcbc2df6-9314-4841-9b43-d23535f5df7e.md
published: true
url: bcbc2df6-9314-4841-9b43-d23535f5df7e/index.html
_type: Article

---
**_The Road to NYC 26 Jan 2016_**

It's Australia Day and most Australians are celebrating with
BBQ's, lunches and generally just hanging out with family. I started my day
with a nice sleep-in. The best thing about finishing school is I can have more
sleep-ins. I love my sleep, but I haven't been sleeping too well these past
nights. I have a slight knee injury and it's been bothering me at night. It
could have something to do with dancing in heels a few nights ago when I went
out clubbing with some friends or I could have overdone it with the exercise. 

I've been working out with my brother who is a personal
trainer at Life Hub in Moorabbin. He is super fit, strong and a tyrant when it
comes to putting me through my exercise paces. There are days I want to punch
him. He probably pushes me so hard because I'm his little sister. I know it
will benefit me in the long run and I also know I need to be pushed. I'm very
lazy when it comes to exercise. I'd much rather sit around watching movies.
Mum's partner moved the treadmill from the spare bedroom to the lounge room as
a way of making sure I move while I watch my movies. It was a good move on
their part because I get sixty to ninety minutes of walking most days while I
watch a movie or tv show. 

I need to move loads because I love my food. Most times I
eat pretty healthily, but there are days when nothing is better than pizza or
fried rice dishes. That's not a great combination for staying lean and toned. The
thing is I don't only have to stay fit and healthy for modelling. I need to do
it so I keep the crap genes of our family at bay. There's a history of diabetes
and heart disease in my mum's side of the family. I'm very much aware of how
that could impact my future health. So I make an effort for health reasons and
also for my career.

My brother went away to Rainbow Festival for the long
Australia Day weekend so I didn't have my 3 personal training sessions the past
few days. My "don't like working out self" took advantage and slacked off on my
exercise. I've been really good at doing some sort of movement or exercise
every day. I've alternated between walking or running on the treadmill, doing
resistance training and my personal training. I know I should have kept up the
exercise routine, but it's so much easier to just sleep in longer or chill on
the couch watching a movie. The problem with that is that it's so much harder
to get motivated again to get back to the exercise. And I'm sure it's going to
hurt like hell at the next personal training because I took too many days off. I
have no excuse for not at least walking because I could have continued the
"walk while I watch a movie" routine, but I didn't. In the end I didn't
exercise for no other reason than I don't really enjoy exercising, probably
never will, but know it's something I have to do for my health and so I can give
my best to modelling. Despite my laziness I'm not one to give up easily so even
if it means a few start-stops along the way, a few stern self-talks and
starting again, I know I'll be back on the treadmill and back in the gym with
my brother giving exercise and healthy eating another go. It's like African
Designer, Tina Lobondi says

__

_"Fall seven times, stand up eight" ~
Tina Lobondi_

n%jP1bu8