---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: false
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: ''
datePublished: '2016-02-22T23:10:45.355Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-22T23:10:44.423Z'
title: ''
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-22-41ad39fa-d5c4-4238-8ce5-a61b540248b7.md
published: true
url: 41ad39fa-d5c4-4238-8ce5-a61b540248b7/index.html
_type: Article

---
The Road to NYC

**_18 Jan 2016_**

_"Go confidently in the
direction of your dreams. Live the life you've imagined" ~ Thoreau_

That's the kind of quotes I've seen in birthday cards from
mum since I was young. And now that I've graduated high school it seems my
dreams are taking me in the direction of New York. Well, Manhattan to be
precise. 

For the past few years, I've had it in my mind that if I was
going to be a serious fashionista I had to go to the fashion mecca of the world.
So begins the road to New York.

I've been modelling since age 14 after I placed as a
finalist in two model search competitions. And I've been dishing out tips and
advice on fashion styling since before I was ten. According to mum I was
advising her on what to wear since I was a young girl. "No mum - that does not
work!" is a phrase she had to put up with often when she was out shopping. Then
I'd point out a dress and shoes or blouse and skirt that I thought suited her. I
was "styling" long before I decided fashion design and styling alongside
modelling would be my dream career. 

I've always loved
clothes, bags, accessories and shoes are a particular favourite when it comes
to women's fashion. It's like the Toni Colette character Rose Feller who says in
the movie _In Her Shoes _

_"When I feel bad I
like to treat myself. Clothes never look any good...food just makes me
fatter...shoes always fit."_

The truth is shoes don't always fit! Not for me anyway and
not here in Australia. Sizes 10.5 or 11s are hard to come by. Still I love them.
Having lived in America when I was younger, I know their shoe market is bigger
in more ways than one. Another small reason to look forward to fashion options
in the Big Apple. 

Talking about sizes and fittings, reality hit hard when I
got mum to take my measurements. I realized I have my work cut out for me to
get my body to the shape and size I'd be happy with and that could fit comfortably
into "sample" sizes. I've never been the "perfect" model size. (5'9" tall, 34"
chest, 24" waist and 34" hips). I was 5'10" tall at age thirteen and towering
over most girls and boys my age. I hated standing out like that. And in the
world of fashion I'm probably out of proportion too. Thanks to my heritage I
have a perky African bum and I'm curvy around the hips. My current measurements
at age 18 are as follows: Chest 33", Waist 26" and Hips 39.5". I think I've
reached my full height now of 183cm (6') so whilst I still look slim next to
most people, I'm apparently going to have trouble in the modelling industry. But
that doesn't mean I don't have a shot at all. Moulds are being broken every day
and with France leading the way by introducing the law that bans designers from
using stick thin models the fashion industry might be setting new trends. 

Still, I'm learning that most people will point out a
gazillion reasons why I should reconsider my dream career and very few will
give me even five reasons to pursue what I love. Thankfully my mum and her
partner aren't part of the many. Mum has often wondered out loud (and I mean
loud as in passionately) why the fashion industry continues to put women on the
runways who don't really represent the everyday successful woman who enjoys
spending money on fashion. We both believe in healthy body images. So mum's
encouraged me to be like Tyra Banks who successfully pursued modelling despite
not having the "perfect" model figure. And look what she's done and continues
to do for the industry. Mum's always telling me to be a part of change in the
world...to go beyond boundaries. 

She booked our tickets to New York a week ago and is taking
a six to twelve month break to come with me to Manhattan. 

Her text to me was "OMG...flights to USA booked. No turning
back now sweetie"

My response text was "I'm SO SO GRATEFUL, mum. We are on the
journey of a lifetime and I can't wait!"

And I am grateful, though I know I don't say it often
enough. My mum has believed in me from the very start. I know she's been wary
of the modelling industry. You hear all kinds of stories of young girls being
taken advantage of. She promised me a long time ago that she would help me
achieve whatever dream I held big and dear enough in my heart. She's always said
to me "find something you love doing and chase it to the end." I'm not so sure
she wanted me to love modelling as much as I do, but she knows I really want to
have a go at it, so she's with me all the way. I'm lucky to have her and her
partner. They're making big changes in their lives, relationship and lifestyle
to help me. I hope I make them proud.

So why am I writing about all this. Well...it's about
uncovering the steps along the journey of pursuing a dream. Something tells me
there are going to be joyous, exciting times and also big challenges. I don't
yet know if I'll achieve the vision I hold in my heart, but what I do know is
that it's worth having a go at. I expect I'm going to learn a lot along the
way. And I want to remember it all -- maybe to pass on to my kids someday, but
maybe also to pass on something to others who want to chase a big dream. It's
about taking chances in the end. Sharing your stuff in life is sometimes the
biggest chance you take. I like what one of my favourite models has to say
about it

__

_"I believe in taking chances and
living your life. Sometimes doors open and others close and you have to figure
out which one you're going to take. I'm always for the one that's challenging"
~ Gisele Bundchen_